Hi Mini: 

[final notes -- version 2 --- with special thanks to our AST 322 TAs Greg Vance
and Scott Tompkins for all their diligent help to make this work!]

Here a few lessons from Tuesday/Thursday's (Mar 3/5) AST 322 class using Zoom:

(see http://windhorst322.asu.edu/ and Links button for details).

Count on at least 10 min before class for all this to work smoothly: 

1) Turn both Zoom Sound and Camera on. If you don't turn the camera on when you
first join, or you will have to leave the meeting in order to turn it on 
later. The instructor must stay close (at arm's length) from the Mac camera (the
green light), since that is also where the Mac microphone resides. Otherwise
your sound will dropout if you move around during the lecture. 

2) Make sure all students have their Zoom microphone on mute to prevent noise
and audio feedback. Tell them to only unmute if they are asking a question. If
someone unmutes and doesn't realize it, you can force-mute them in Zoom (but
then they can no longer ask questions later). 

3) Make sure to have PDF or JPG copies of all you lecture notes or figures
which you can share via Zoom Screen Share. In our case, these are available via
the ``Lab Scripts'' button (under the /figs/ or /notes/ subdirs). Recordings of 
my lectures are also available there. 

4) Questions can also be entertained during the lecture using the Zoom text 
chat window, which the TA can moderate during class (since the instructor is
busy teaching). This is a good way to take questions, since having everyone 
turn on their microphone one-at-a-time is impossible to coordinate.

Having a second Mac screen talking to the same computer in every classroom
would be very helpful for many purposes: a) to monitor and answer student
questions posed via Zoom; b) To have a repository of PDF files open at the
same time, which makes teaching via Zoom (much) more efficient, since the AST
322 Relativity and Cosmology course requires to show (sometimes complicated)
formulae and graphs at the same time.

5) The TAs can also take class attendance via Zoom, logging all students who
have a Zoom Window open (in our case attendance is worth a small amount of
credit). Tell the students to use their actual names as their Zoom screen 
names, so that can you identify them for attendance. This is also needed for
in-class extra credit that we give for excellent questions and/or answers. 

6) Given the significant number of Relativity H/W sets, homework in our AST 322
gets normally handed in by stapled paper in person. For Zoom class attendees, we
will arrange that their PDF scans of the H/W sets can be Emailed to a special
TA Email account. Or we may setup a Google Drive link, where H/W can be dumped
(not clear if students can then see everyone else's H/W, so that may not work). 

7) Some of my students have already asked for absences during the semester,
unrelated to corona virus, in most cases for personal or intramural reasons.
Zoom can also be requested in such cases.

So in short, teaching in-person classes on-line only (for a period of time)
would work, with a somewhat reduced initial efficiency that can likely be 
overcome once we get better at it. Having a second Mac screen talking to the
same computer in every classroom (or office) would be very helpful, if not
mandatory, if and when Zoom or Zoom-only is going to be used for a longer
period of time. And, the TAs are essential to help make all this work.

That's it for now,

Dr. Rogier A. Windhorst
Regents' and Foundation Professor
JWST Interdisciplinary Scientist
School of Earth & Space Exploration
Street: 450 E. Tyler Mall, Room PSF-686
Office: 550 E. Tyler Mall, Room GWC-508
Arizona State University
P.O. Box 871404
Tempe, AZ 85287-1404, USA

Tel: +1-480-965-7143 or 9416 or 8950 or 5081
FAX: +1-480-965-6362
Email: Rogier.Windhorst@asu.edu or Rogier.Windhorst@gmail.com

http://sese.asu.edu  or  http://www.jwst.nasa.gov 

https://webbtelescope.org/contents/news-releases/2018/news-2018-23/

https://asunow.asu.edu/20180425-discoveries-see-first-born-stars-universe


