Dear AST 322 students:

[Note this Email is somewhat different from the one of last Friday]:

You presumably all have seen the Email from the ASU administration that, where
possible, all classes including the in-person will be taught via Zoom for a
number of weeks, until the corona virus subsides. They asked me to send you the
following Email text verbatim:

`` As I shared in my last email, our class, which is scheduled for Tu March 17, 
3:00-4:15 pm will meet as scheduled via Zoom. If you are new to using Zoom, 
there are detailed instructions on how to use that tool on: 
provost.asu.edu/remote/students.

I strongly encourage you to read the instructions found on that site well before 
class to ensure that you can participate in the class. If you have any questions, 
please let me know. See you on Zoom. ''

Fortunately, we already tested out teaching the class via Zoom the week
before Spring break. We are very serious about making this work, and to
give you the best possible AST 322 class, despite these circumstances. 

Hence, we added URLs added to our class web page: http://windhorst322.asu.edu/ 
(Click on Links) to make all this happen. A few items to note thus far 
(some have changed from Thursday's Email):

1) We will continue to hold both our class (see Syllabus, Schedule, Lab Scripts)
and office hours (see Contacts) via the same Zoom link on the Links page during 
the regular posted hours (Note: The new Zoom link listed is now the same as on 
Canvas). 

NEW COMMENTS:

WARNING: Since many people will be using Zoom in the next few weeks, expect 
delays and slow speeds. To optimize speed and minimize the chance of malfunctions, 
ALWAYS turn off your a camera in Zoom, and always MUTE your sound to avoid 
interference, unless you are invited to ask a question (then unmute yourself while 
asking the question, and mute yourself again right afterwards). 

If internet or Zoom speeds are excessively slow for where you are Zooming in from,
please dial in via one of the above two PHONE numbers (1-669 ... or 1-646 ...).
For this to work, you MUST pull over all of my PDF Notes files for all of Ryden's 
chapters as posted under Lab Scripts and http://windhorst322.asu.edu/notes/ .
I WILL teach such that even if you never have video but just voice via you phone, 
but you do have my posted lecture notes, that you will be able to follow the class.
(We are NASA, we always have a backup solution!).

So please make sure to get all my PDF Notes files. They are unlikely to change much.

2) We will continue with our planned homework (HW) sets and term projects (TP)
(see txt file on Lab Scripts page). Continue to do all your H/W on (hand)written
single sided pages with your name + ASU-ID number and submission date/time
written on top. Same for the upcoming TP, but please use a word processor for
this, which should produce a PDF file for your TP. Then scan each HW into a single
PDF file with any ASU library printer that can Email the PDF to you, or make a
single PDF from your H/W pages that you scan with the apps posted on the Links
page.

3) Then Email all your HW PDF files to: ast322homework@gmail.com by the posted
deadlines (see file ast322s20_suggestedHWquestions.txt on Lab Scripts page). By
Apr 28 (see Schedule page), Email your TP PDF to ast322homework@gmail.com. For
both HW and TP PDFs, use exclusively unique file names that incorporates your
name + submission date and time (see Links page), e.g.:
ast322_Firstname_Lastname_HW5_1-4_17mar20_1230pm.pdf or
ast322_Mary_Doe_TP_27apr20_430pm.pdf. Never include empty spaces in any file
name, but use _ (underscores) instead. Please do NOT Email your HW or TP PDF
files to the TAs or Instructor Email addresses. File formats other than PDF will
not be accepted. If you cannot produce a PDF file, your TA will accept the usual
paper copy in their mailbox. Any good Doc file can be simply converted to PDF. 

Will discuss details during regular class time via Zoom on Tuesday Mar 17, 3:00
pm. 

Thank you very much for your understanding and patience during this difficult time. 
Together, we WILL make this all work, and we will make you succeed!

Rogier Windhorst, Gregory Vance and Scott Tompkins.


