Dear AST 322 students:

You presumably all have seen the Email from the ASU administration that, where
possible, all classes including the in-person will be taught via Zoom for a
number of weeks, until the corona virus subsides. They asked me to send you the
following Email text verbatim:

`` Starting March 17, our class will be meeting remotely and will be held via
Zoom. Though we will not be meeting in person, class will be held at its normal
date and time. 

If you are new to using Zoom, there are detailed instructions on how to use that
tool on provost.asu.edu/remote/students . I strongly encourage you to read the
instructions found on that site well before class to ensure that you can
participate in the class. 

Thank you for your patience and flexibility during this time. My primary goal is
to continue teaching and learning, uninterrupted. If you have any questions,
please let me know. See you on Zoom. ''


Fortunately, we already tested out teaching the class via Zoom the week
before Spring break. We are very serious about making this work, and to
give you the best possible AST 322 class, despite these circumstances. 

Hence, you will (soon) find added URLs to our class Links page:
http://windhorst322.asu.edu/ (Click on Links) to make all this happen. A few items to
note thus far:

1) We will continue to hold both our class (see Syllabus, Schedule, Lab Scripts)
and office hours (see Contacts) via the same Zoom link on the Links page during 
the regular posted hours. 

2) We will continue with our planned homework (H/W) sets and term projects (T/P)
(see txt file on Lab Scripts page). Continue to do all your H/W on (hand)written
single sided pages with your name + ASU-ID number and submission date/time
written on top. Same for the upcoming T/P, but please use a word processor for
this, which should produce a PDF file for your TP. Then scan each HW into a single
PDF file with any ASU library printer that can Email the PDF to you, or make a
single PDF from your H/W pages that you scan with the apps posted on the Links
page.

3) Then deposit your HW or TP PDFs into the AST 322 Google Docs or Dropbox that
will be listed on the Links page by the posted deadlines (see txt file on Lab
Scripts page), strictly using unique file names that incorporates your name +
submission date and time (see Links page). Please do NOT Email your HW or TP 
PDF file to the TAs or Instructor unless we tell you to do so. File formats other 
than PDF will not be accepted. If you cannot produce a PDF file, your TA will 
accept the usual paper copy in their mailbox.

Will discuss details during regular class time via Zoom on Tuesday Mar 17, 3:00
pm. 

Thank you very much for your understanding and patience during this difficult time. 
Together, we WILL make this all work, and we will make you succeed!

Rogier Windhorst, Gregory Vance and Scott Tompkins.


