1.1 Planck Length

The following thought experiment illuminates this fact. The task is to 
measure an object's position by bouncing electromagnetic radiation, namely 
photons, off it. The shorter the wavelength of the photons, and hence the 
higher their energy, the more accurate the measurement. If the photons are 
sufficiently energetic to make possible a measurement more precise than a 
Planck length, their collision with the object would, in principle, create 
a minuscule black hole. This black hole would "swallow" the photon and 
thereby make it impossible to obtain a measurement. A simple calculation 
using dimensional analysis suggests that this problem arises if we attempt 
to measure an object's position with a precision to within a Planck 
length.


1.2 Planck Mass

The Planck mass is the mass of a black hole whose Schwarzschild radius 
multiplied by 'pi' equals its Compton wavelength. The radius of such a 
black hole is roughly the Planck length, which is believed to be the 
length scale at which both general relativity and quantum mechanics 
simultaneously become important.


1.3 Planck Time

According to the Big Bang theory nothing is known about the universe at 
time=0, though it is presumed that all fundamental forces coexisted and 
that all matter, energy, and spacetime expanded outward from an extremely 
hot and dense singularity. One planck time after the event is the closest 
that theoretical physics can get us to it, and at that time it appears 
that gravity separated from the other fundamental forces.


1.4 Planck Energy

While the Planck energy equals an already macroscopic amount of energy, it 
is nevertheless thought to be an important quantity in particle physics - 
as soon as gravitation is taken into account. The Planck energy is not 
only the energy (in principle) necessary to probe the Planck length, but 
it is probably also the maximum energy that can fit into a region of that 
scale - which in this case will immediately collapse to a (very hot) Black 
Hole.


The Planck energy is equivalent with the Planck mass according to E=mc^2. 
The Planck energy equals approximately the electricity consumed by an 
average person in 12 weeks, or by an average US citizen in two weeks (2001 
figures). The Oh-My-God particle observed in 1991 with some 50 joules 
contained about 25 billionths of the Planck energy.
